[Wordy] Add `tuple-and-index` approach (#4202)
exercism/python: exercises/practice/wordy/.approaches/tuple-and-index/content.md

Then we call the helper function `str_to_int()` to initialize `result` to the first number in the question, or raise a `ValueError` if the third "word" is not a number.
Next, we start the while loop with `index` set to `3`, indicating that we have finished parsing the first `3` words ("What", "is", and the number).

Inside the loop, we use [`OPERATOR_WORDS.index()`][sequence-index-method] to get the index of the operator at index `index` of `words`.
If `words[index]` is not an operator word, the raised `ValueError` will be caught by the [`try-except`][handling-exceptions] statement, and the `except` block will determine the correct error to raise instead.

Next, we need to get the second operand for the operator (we already have `result` for the first one), so we set `operand_index = index + 1`.
However, some operator phrases are multiple words long, so we need to check if `EXTRA_OPERATOR_WORDS[operator_index] is not None`.
If there *is* an extra operator word, then we need to check if it is present as the next word in `words`.
If it is not present, we raise a `ValueError`, else we increment `operand_index` by `1` to get the correct index.

> Here we call the helper function again, setting `operand` to the number at index `operand_index`, and raising a `ValueError` if it is not a number.

Reviewer: You might want to name the helper function since this explanation is long enough to have to scroll back up to see the code.

Author: Good idea, but I'm not sure how to change the sentence to include that. Any change I try seems to make it read awkwardly...

Reviewer: What about 

> Here we call the helper function `str_to_int()` again, 

Or is that just too much?

Reviewer: Its fine if it just doesn't work.  It was just a thought - no need to cram it in if its not working.

Author: I changed it to: "Here we use the helper function `str_to_int()` again, setting `operand` to the number at index `operand_index` (and raising a `ValueError` if it is not a number)."

I think it works if that last part is in parentheses.

After this, the approach uses [structural pattern matching][structural-pattern-matching] to modify `result` using `+=`, `-=`, `*=`, or `//=` depending on the `operator_index`.
However, this section could easily be modified to use a similar method to any of the other approaches, such as an `if-elif-else` block or a tuple of `lambda`s.

At the end of the loop, we set `index` to `operand_index + 1`, as we have finished processing everything up to and including `operand_index`.

> Then the loop continues until `index` reaches or exceeds `len(words)` or something raises an uncaught error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the loop continues until `index` reaches or exceeds `len(words)` or an uncaught error is raised.
```

> When the loop ends, we know that we have finished processing the whole string, and thus we return `result`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the loop ends, we know that we have finished processing the entire string, and thus we return `result`.
```
